Martin Stillman, MD, JD, is a physician, lawyer, and mediator. He is a practicing general internist at Hennepin Healthcare System (HHS) in Minneapolis, Minnesota where he also serves as the Mediation and Conflict Resolution Officer. 
Along with practicing internal medicine, Dr. Martin Stillman mediates conflict among health care professionals and teaches about conflict resolution in health care across the country, helping everyone from front line clinicians to executive leaders learn how to successfully evaluate and address conflict within healthcare. He developed the Conflict Resolution and Facilitation Training (©CRAFT) Program for clinicians and healthcare leaders which is now delivered both in-person and virtually. In addition, Dr. Stillman is an Associate Professor of Medicine at the University of Minnesota Medical School where he teaches about law and medicine, and he continues to serve as a member of the national American Arbitration Association Healthcare Dispute Resolution Advisory Council.
Dr. Stillman has been recognized as an outstanding educator, leader, advisor, and coach. He has received the prestigious University of Minnesota Outstanding Medical School Teaching Award and also served for six years as an invited coach for the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) year-long physician leadership training program. 
Dr. Stillman has extensive knowledge of clinical, administrative, operational, financial, personnel, and quality issues associated with medical practice and patient care, having served in many leadership roles including Senior Medical Director for HHS’ Medicine and Medicine Subspecialty Services. He effectively utilizes this wide-ranging expertise to enhance his conflict resolution practice, teaching, and executive coaching and leadership development.
Dr. Stillman is also a leading researcher and educator in clinician wellness. He serves as an Assistant Director in HHS’ Office of Professional Worklife as well as Director of Provider Wellness and Retention for HHS’ Department of Medicine. He is nationally recognized for his work in the relationship between conflict resolution and wellness, having served as an invited speaker for Stanford Medicine’s WellMD educational lecture series and Harvard Medical School’s Center for Primary Care Workforce Wellness in Primary Care Grand Rounds.
